DOCS-3753: Clarify machine cloud credentials (#4222)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/get-started/other-hardware/micro-module.md

1. Click the copy icon underneath **Machine cloud credentials**.
   The Micro-RDK needs this JSON object, which contains your machine part secret key and cloud app address, to connect to the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).
1. Navigate to the directory of the project you just created.

> 1. Create a new <file>viam.json</file> file and paste the machine cloud credentials from the Viam app in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new machine cloud credentials file (<file>/etc/viam.json</file>).
Paste the machine cloud credentials from the Viam app into the new file.
```
[opt] this might be pushing the 'consistency' thing a bit but I had to find a way to avoid ending this sentence with a preposition!
